`sigstore verify`: support multiple inputs (#130)
sigstore/sigstore-python: README.md

Note that passing a custom identity token does not circumvent Fulcio's requirements,
namely the Fulcio's supported identity providers and the claims expected within the token.

### Verifying against a signature and certificate

> By default, `sigstore verify` will attempt to find a `foo.txt.sig` and `foo.txt.crt` adjacent
> to the file being verified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `sigstore verify` will attempt to find a `<filename>.sig` and `<filename>.crt` in the
same directory as the file being verified:
```
